files to 8 bank one of the most games
popular internet with 15 million
world players
people bought the 7 where doctors
packages of special powers citizens
I did not even wish it was fun .
located the person responsible for
applications that interfered him he
can account for the crimes of
estelionato and prayer that between age a
Paulo
bailiffs to police innovate
military arrived at the defendant's home in
south of São Paulo to meet a
search warrant and seizure
inside the computer used to
develop tibet
paulo henrique mhao come missed morning was
responsible for the site admits that it profited
with the sale of programs such as the order
is at the injunction of justice of são paulo
the fine for non-compliance is 10 thousand
actual prosecution has created programs
able to interfere in the original game
point blank the person concerned entered the
site and buy a package that gave
special powers to the players went well
essential part of distribution rights and
sale of the game in Brazil believes that in
two and a half years the owner of the average funk
earned more than half a million reais
the lawyer of the unb they want the refund
of the invoiced amount with the program turned
in criminal criminal cases in areas
usually live in relation to crimes
who practiced a false stelionate and
intellectual
we went to the accused's house he did not want
record interview and take only you
trust has developed the program out of
his permission of 79
the water- based emergency room
the original game mont blanc created by
a Korean company became a fever among
young people from all over the world
the only war scenario
the player chooses character and the water
The challenge is to kill as many
enemies at the best time the game can be
downloaded for free on your computer
the parliament is with the internet sale
and accessories and characters and kato is a
15 million users strong well
already represented brazil in championships
international mirror that happens
when the player uses parallel programs
motoboy has fun
called machines the guy who can drink
not only enter his active program
the other return is better than everyone else
it's like he becomes better
world
according to the law of property protection
intellectual property of computer programs is
crime and is to produce part of the
a site for sale without authorization from the
author is punishable by imprisonment from one to four
years and a fine is considered an infringement
serious nature
will be a fake professional player
turn and move to vote and using rays but
god a rac christi your rubbish snow